Hi everybody welcome back in this lecture and the next few to follow.
We're going to look at how to modify attribute values under several ways to change attribute values.
First you can change the value directly to an instance.
Then you can set the value to a method or you can increment the value to a method.
Let's look at each one of these in turn.
And in this lecture we're going to start off with modifying and attribute value directly.
So as you can see here I have the same class open from our last lecture and goes gonna change our name
for a program here from setting a default value which it was in our last letter to modifying
and attributes
value directly.
And how do we do that.
Well modifying an attribute value directly is the simplest way to modify the value of an attribute because
we can access the attribute directly to an instance.
In this latter we are going to set our library count to a new value.
So let's just say we're set it to 36.
So we have 26 e-books in our library.
And how do we do that.
So what we do is we scroll down to the bottom and let's just add in a space here because this is the
part we're going to modify.
So my new e-reader don't read library count brackets so let's just change just now we're going to do
is my new e-reader So library count equals 36.
They're going to say my new e-reader that color method again we live we can't.
There we go.
Let's run down and see what we've got.
You have 36 books in your Kindle library.
OK.
So line 29 here.
We use da notation to access the e-readers library count attribute and set add value directly.
This line tells plotted to take the instance of my new e-reader find the attribute library account associated
with it and set the value of that attribute to 36.
Sometimes you'll want to use this direct method but there will be other times when you want to write
a method that updates the value for you.
And in the next lecture we're going to take a look at that.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.